Fix incorrect info in CA2009 docs (#24042)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca2009.md

These extension methods are designed to convert a mutable collection to an immutable collection. However, the caller might accidentally pass in an immutable collection as input to these methods. This can represent a performance and/or a functional issue.

> - Performance issue: Unnecessary boxing and unboxing of the immutable collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performance issue: Unnecessary boxing, unboxing, and/or runtime type checks on an immutable collection.
```
